[Keyboard] Added a new handwired 2x3,2x4,2x5 keyboard called the Stream_cheap (#9871)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/handwired/stream_cheap/readme.md

> # stream_cheap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Stream Cheap
```

> https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4497991
> 
> This stream cheap as its called on thingiverse
> 
> Keyboard Maintainer: [qmk](https://github.com/qmk)  
> 
> Hardware:
>   * 3d printed switch plate
>   * 10 key switches
>   * 3d printed case
>   * Handwired in direct pins mode (i.e. all switches share a common gnd and are wired to thier own pin)
>   * Uses a Pro Micro
>   * Includes a reset switch accessible by a hole on the bottom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ortholinear macropad, available in 2x3, 2x4, and 2x5 sizes.

Hardware:
  * 3d printed switch plate
  * 6-10 key switches
  * 3d printed case
  * Handwired in Direct Pins mode (i.e. all switches share a common GND and are wired to their own pin)
  * Uses a Pro Micro
  * Includes a reset switch accessible by a hole on the bottom

* Keyboard Maintainer: [hartk1213](https://github.com/hartk1213)
* Hardware Supported: Pro Micro
* Hardware Availability: [Thingiverse](https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4497991)
```
